Hey,
Natalie Austin: Hi, Tammy.
Natalie Austin: Can you hear me.
Natalie Austin: Hit your mute button on the bottom.
Natalie Austin: There should be a mute button just hit the axon there.
Natalie Austin: It looks like.
Tammy Flannery: Hi.
Natalie Austin: How are you doing,
Tammy Flannery: I'm doing okay. How are you, I'm doing better today.
Yeah.
Tammy Flannery: I'm super excited
Natalie Austin: Yeah. Today, your first day with us.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, yeah. Welcome.
Tammy Flannery: Thank you, um,
Natalie Austin: Have you been in treatment before
Natalie Austin: Yes. Okay, were
Tammy Flannery: At
Tammy Flannery: Yes me too fast and
Tammy Flannery: Columbus, Ohio, with Dr. Get a two.
Natalie Austin: Okay, and what does the medicine. Were you on with him.
Tammy Flannery: I was on the Savvy tech
Tammy Flannery: eight milligrams
Tammy Flannery: Three times a day.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Has he ever tried to put you down to twice a day.
Tammy Flannery: Yeah, we did. But my I had
Tammy Flannery: open heart surgery.
Tammy Flannery: I had a risk to do an emergency Bauer section.
Tammy Flannery: Breast Surgery, because I had an infection that ran to my body in almost killed me, obviously.
Tammy Flannery: And I had to have
Tammy Flannery: Brody, or the last couple of years.
Tammy Flannery: Her problems. So he was treating me for history repeating
Tammy Flannery: It struck me as well.
Natalie Austin: Oh my
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Sorry. So yeah. JOHN the higher dose more for painting.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, okay.
Natalie Austin: And how long have you been clean
Tammy Flannery: I was I've been on this Ivy Tech for six years now.
Natalie Austin: Oh, good. Okay.
What
Natalie Austin: Is working for you.
Tammy Flannery: Yeah. Yeah, it's great.
Natalie Austin: Did you do you have a problem with the beeper nor friend like with the
Natalie Austin: Lock stone in it as well. Did you
Tammy Flannery: I am
Tammy Flannery: Yeah, I'm allergic. They said, I'm allergic to it makes me throw up really bad. AGAIN, WORLDWIDE headaches.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: Let's see your little smoky
Natalie Austin: For now.
Tammy Flannery: Because I I learned I said I had to buy him off of the street for a while. I didn't say that, but that's the truth because I didn't. I haven't been in the clinic for a little while now.
Tammy Flannery: I just can't.
Natalie Austin: I will not your treatment will get you started. Okay.
Tammy Flannery: Thank you so much. I appreciate it. I'm so excited.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: Let's go, let's go over your past medical history. Okay.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: OK, so I know you kind of told me a little bit, but I'll put it all together again.
Natalie Austin: So what kind of what diagnoses. Do you have again.
Tammy Flannery: I have sciatic nerve damage. So I have
Tammy Flannery: A chronic pain is down either or both legs my feet and legs cramp up and it's horrible, but I'm sure you probably are aware of the sciatic nerve.
Natalie Austin: That's painful of her
Tammy Flannery: Why it's bad.
Natalie Austin: Like I do hypertension, diabetes, thyroid
Tammy Flannery: Believe it or not, no. I
Tammy Flannery: I went
Tammy Flannery: I am on
Tammy Flannery: Me around for the heart right now because I had the
Tammy Flannery: Palpitations, or I'm sorry, a fit for a minute. I don't know how long it'll keep me on that and
Tammy Flannery: Oh, I'm, I'm on an antibiotic, they might keep me on my life but dive wiki in
Tammy Flannery: Okay, because fiction.
Tammy Flannery: One nervous.
Natalie Austin: Okay, so I'm cardiac lab a fib to your medical history, then
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: How about anxiety, depression,
Tammy Flannery: Yes. I mean, treated for that.
Okay.
Tammy Flannery: Xanax
Natalie Austin: Good. And then so we all, I hope you opioid use disorder. Right. Is that why you got on the subject.
Tammy Flannery: It is, yeah.
Natalie Austin: Um, I like
Natalie Austin: Oh,
Natalie Austin: I'll get past surgical history. Let's go over your surgeries. Again, they're
Tammy Flannery: All right. Um, when I was eight, I had my appendix removed my tonsils. Okay. And I had that my bladder removed it. And I mean,
Tammy Flannery: I'm sorry stretch at nine which is not really a big deal.
Tammy Flannery: And then I didn't have another surgery until
Tammy Flannery: 22,007 I had my left ovary removed, and that's where I began the opioid opioid dependency was after that surgery.
Tammy Flannery: And then
Tammy Flannery: I had an infection from my teeth that travel through my ended up in my bloodstream travel there. My blood attached to my heart.
Tammy Flannery: But it's it stopped in my breast. I mean, I had a knot in my breast, and went through a bunch of testing and stuff. It is what it was odd, but they finally figured out it was just a
Tammy Flannery: fungal infection. So they removed it. And then two months after that I had. Oh no, I'm sorry. In 2015
Tammy Flannery: I had pneumonia and pleurisy.
Natalie Austin: Oh, and I
Tammy Flannery: Was in the hospital here where we live, and
Tammy Flannery: They kept me here for like two weeks in the hospital was just giving me the same like seven different antibiotics over and over
Tammy Flannery: I ended up getting moved to Columbus, which is a bigger city and they found out I needed a different antibiotic, but I had had the glare. See, for so long that they had to cut remove a part of my life, my left, Mom.
Tammy Flannery: Okay, I got all started gaining weight bag again and then I get the breast issue.
Tammy Flannery: They remove that. Two months later I had about if the moral hernia that
Tammy Flannery: They had to remove a part of my bow before inches of my bow is that
Tammy Flannery: And then two months after that.
Tammy Flannery: open heart surgery.
Tammy Flannery: Because the fungus that attached to my show about
Tammy Flannery: What I'm doing now.
Natalie Austin: They mentioned endocarditis. The word endocarditis. Did you have that
Tammy Flannery: Not that I know I don't know I I'm
Natalie Austin: Not harmful. Yeah, okay.
Tammy Flannery: And what is yes, they did.
Tammy Flannery: Yes, I don't sound familiar
Natalie Austin: Okay, so let's add endocarditis up to past medical history then OK. OK.
Natalie Austin: Ok family history, any, any your mom and dad still alive.
Tammy Flannery: No, they're both past. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Are they don't feel they have diabetes, heart disease,
Tammy Flannery: My dad passed away at 39 it from alcoholism, they say.
Tammy Flannery: My mom passed away from a brain in there. Isn't that 56
Okay.
Natalie Austin: I'm
Tammy Flannery: So sorry brain cancer. I don't know. I said in your resume bring
Tammy Flannery: Bring answer.
Natalie Austin: Good answer. Okay. Oh, I'm sorry.
Natalie Austin: Good social history, are you married single divorced
Tammy Flannery: I'm I'm working on a divorce. Right now I got that I got sick and my husband just gave up on me and it's
Tammy Flannery: Time to go. Yeah, it's just
Tammy Flannery: It is what it is.
Natalie Austin: Yep, give kids.
Tammy Flannery: I raised my niece, so I consider her, my child, and she has
Tammy Flannery: Three babies in there. My grandbabies
Tammy Flannery: They're my kids to
Natalie Austin: Yeah, there you go.
Natalie Austin: Are you employed or unemployed seeking
Natalie Austin: Right now, Mom.
Tammy Flannery: I'm unemployed. Right now I am seeking work though.
Natalie Austin: Okay, what do you do
Tammy Flannery: I
Natalie Austin: What do you like to do
Tammy Flannery: Oh, I worked in surgery, to be honest with you.
Natalie Austin: Wow.
Tammy Flannery: I'm trying to get into the vet tech area. I mean, the vet tech
Tammy Flannery: Because I love animals and
Natalie Austin: It's
Tammy Flannery: A medical field that I can do it.
Tammy Flannery: Does that make sense.
Natalie Austin: Yeah. Does that sounds interesting. That sounds like fun too.
Tammy Flannery: Yeah, I love animals so they don't argue with you don't kill your time.
Natalie Austin: They don't talk back
Right.
Natalie Austin: Daniel. Let's go on to allergies. Give me allergies. No, no.
Natalie Austin: So we said that you had allergies to the sub people know our friend right
Yes.
Tammy Flannery: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Okay, well, we'll add that to. What did you get, not what kind of simple you have nausea, vomiting,
Tammy Flannery: I thought yeah I'll throw up. I get dizzy and I get will I get bad headaches.
Tammy Flannery: Okay, yeah.
Tammy Flannery: I'm sorry.
That's OK.
Natalie Austin: OK, let's go under medications for you said you had a subtext eight milligrams three times today.
Natalie Austin: Is that the tablets or the film.
Tammy Flannery: The tablets.
Natalie Austin: That was okay.
Natalie Austin: Yeah. And then so you and your on Xanax
Natalie Austin: Yes And what do you any other pills. So you're on a diet Phu Kham
Tammy Flannery: dicey can me oh dura
Natalie Austin: Mater on
Natalie Austin: Anything else
gabapentin
Tammy Flannery: Amy 600 milligrams of them.
Natalie Austin: Three times a day.
Tammy Flannery: Yeah.
Tammy Flannery: What's the hope with my
Tammy Flannery: Nerve damage Jay said so. Okay.
Natalie Austin: For your sciatica. Yeah.
Tammy Flannery: Yeah yeah
Sounds good.
Natalie Austin: And your, your family doctor writes all those other scripts for you.
Yeah.
Tammy Flannery: No, he writes, my heart doctor writes
Tammy Flannery: The amulet around. I have a infection control doctor that writes that if we can. And my family doctor writes the
Tammy Flannery: The depression. The Xanax and then
Tammy Flannery: My
Tammy Flannery: Doctrine Columbus my savvy tech doctor was the one that was giving me the gap open and
Tammy Flannery: Who
Natalie Austin: Do you want me. You want me to give you the Gabba patent as well. Then
Tammy Flannery: If you can, that would be it.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, absolutely. Okay, so when I make sure he asked why I asked you this question. Let's make sure
Natalie Austin: I don't want to miss any. I don't want to miss you.
Natalie Austin: Know, getting your meds, so
Tammy Flannery: I'm so happy you guys, I just, I'm I'm blown away that this program exists. I think it's so neat.
Natalie Austin: And I'm so glad when I mean it really helps people that you know don't have cars you
Can
Natalie Austin: help a lot of people and people that work that can't leave work to go to away.
Natalie Austin: I we see them on their lunch hour
Natalie Austin: Yes.
Natalie Austin: It is. It's a wonderful program. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I'm glad you're part of it.
Tammy Flannery: I'm so happy to be a part of it too.
So, exactly.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Um, who writes the Xanax, you said that your family doctor
Tammy Flannery: Yes. Okay.
Natalie Austin: So you do have a psychiatrist, then
Tammy Flannery: No.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Sometimes like hi first prefer to write that. But that's fine if he writes Bad it's Good.
Natalie Austin: Yeah. Okay, so what are the review of systems.
Natalie Austin: Any nausea, vomiting, fever, chills, now
Tammy Flannery: Um, no, not really. No, I'm okay.
Natalie Austin: So essentially negative no swelling. Oh, you're sending you a little bit of a headache headache today.
A little bit of a headache.
Natalie Austin: Know, swelling, your ankles.
Tammy Flannery: Know,
Natalie Austin: Me around because swelling sometimes
Tammy Flannery: I was wondering that. Because sometimes I do get a little swell that that okay
Natalie Austin: Thank you.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: I to keep patients educated on your message, you know, helps them out. Um okay so let's go into physical exam. How tall are you, by 454 and how, what's your weight.
Tammy Flannery: 118
Okay.
Natalie Austin: I'm at AMP T Pirlo cardiac
Natalie Austin: A fed presidency he still the eighth of the are with me as a little bit
Tammy Flannery: Not I'm at the Amy odor and pretty much keeps them under control. I don't know how long I'm gonna keep me on that or if there. I don't know. You know, I'm just, I'm I go back to him and march and talked in a lot of
Natalie Austin: Just
Natalie Austin: Regular regular rhythm or regular rate.
Natalie Austin: Your regular rhythm. It's probably a regular once in a while so regular regular your regular rhythm lungs non labor aspirations, I have been non distended but you have searchable scars on your abdomen. Right.
Natalie Austin: Yes, yes. Multiple surgical scars.
Natalie Austin: Extremities though de ma psychological range of times three pleasant kloppers
Natalie Austin: We'll go into the assessment and plan one opioid use disorder will continue sub you text tablets eight milligrams three times a day.
Natalie Austin: We, you know, we as pot you know if needed.
Natalie Austin: If we need to go down, you know, we'll work on that. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Thank you so much to
Natalie Austin: To anxiety, depression and continued Xanax per PCP. Okay, three
Natalie Austin: Let's see neuron lumbar neuropathy sciatica.
Natalie Austin: Continue Gabba patent 603 times a day, and we'll fill that
Natalie Austin: Thing.
Natalie Austin: For continue to follow up with your cardiologist for
Natalie Austin: Heart checkups and your EMEA room medicine.
Natalie Austin: Again, the number five will do the counseling through us will schedule that okay
Natalie Austin: And then we'll see you in two weeks for medication, Rachel. Okay.
Tammy Flannery: All right. Thank you.
Natalie Austin: Very much.
Tammy Flannery: So what do I did.
Natalie Austin: Let me get your pharmacy number, just so I have it.
Tammy Flannery: Okay.
Tammy Flannery: I do have it available just once.
Natalie Austin: When you're ready,
Tammy Flannery: 419
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Tammy Flannery: Bye to nine.
Uh huh. Yes.
Tammy Flannery: 6001
Natalie Austin: Okay, perfect.
Natalie Austin: Okay. The NACo and the Gavin Patton 603 times a day.
Natalie Austin: And the subtext eight milligram tablets three times a day.
Tammy Flannery: All right, thank you so much and
Natalie Austin: The gap that no, I'll give that for a month. I guess that okay well
Natalie Austin: That's text for two weeks.
Tammy Flannery: Absolutely cold.
Natalie Austin: And then, um,
Natalie Austin: I would, I don't know if they might reach out to you to schedule your counseling.
Natalie Austin: If you don't hear from them. I'll give callback, the number that you call it here. Originally, and say, just my provider, you know, Miss Austin said with the schedule as
Natalie Austin: A counseling meeting. That's all.
Tammy Flannery: So much
Tammy Flannery: Nice to meet you too.
Tammy Flannery: Okay, good.
Natalie Austin: Luck this afternoon for your scripts. Okay.
Tammy Flannery: All right, thank you so much.
Natalie Austin: You're welcome. Bye bye.